From the ES menu bar, select Investigations.

Open an investigation to view the workbench for that investigation.

On the Artifacts panel, click Add Artifact.To add one artifact, use the default Add artifact tab:
For Artifact, type the value of the artifact.

For Type, select the type of the artifact: Identity, Asset, File, or URL.The file artifact is a filename, file hash, 
or file path.

(Optional) Type a description.For example, Personal computer infected by ransomware.

(Optional) Type one or more labels to contextualize the entity. Press enter to add a label, or use a comma-separated 
entry for multiple labels.For example, ransomware, laptop, mac.

(Optional) Click Expand Artifacts to look up the asset or identity in the asset or identity lookups and add the 
correlated artifacts to the investigation scope.

To add multiple artifacts:Select the Add multiple artifacts tab.

Select the Type: Identity, Asset, File or URL. All artifacts that you add must be the same type.The file artifact 
is a filename, file hash, or file path.

You can use a comma or a line break as a delimiter. Select a Separator that delimits the list of assets or identities.

Type or paste the values for the assets or identities, using the separator specified in the previous step.

(Optional) Type a description to apply to all artifacts that you are adding.For example, Potentially-infected 
computers in the HR department.

(Optional) Type one or more labels to apply to all artifacts that you are adding. Press enter to add a label, 
or use a comma-separated entry for multiple labels.For example, ransomware, laptop, mac.

Click Add to Scope to add the artifacts to your investigation scope.
The artifacts that you add to your investigation scope manually are automatically selected so that you can click Explore
 and continue your investigation with the new artifacts.

----------------------
How to Add artifacts from a workbench panel

If a workbench panel has drilldown enabled, you can add field values as artifacts from the panel.

Open the investigation and view the workbench.

Select artifacts and click Explore.

In a panel, click a field value.The Add Artifact dialog box appears with the value already added.

Select a Type for the artifact. Some types, such as IP addresses, are automatically detected.

(Optional) Add a description for the artifact.

(Optional) Add labels for the artifact.

(Optional) Click Expand Artifacts to look up the asset or identity in the asset or identity lookups and add the correlated artifacts to the investigation scope.

Click Add to Scope to add the artifact to your investigation scope.

-----------------------------------
How to Add artifacts from a raw event on the investigation

After you add an event to the investigation, you can add field values from the event as artifacts to your investigation scope.

Open the investigation and view the Timeline of the investigation.

Locate the event in the Slide View.

Click Details to view a table of fields and values in the event.

Click the value that you want to add to the investigation scope.The Add Artifact dialog box appears with the value already added.

Select a Type for the artifact. Some types, such as IP addresses, are automatically detected.

(Optional) Add a description for the artifact.

(Optional) Add labels for the artifact.

(Optional) Click Expand Artifacts to look up the asset or identity in the asset or identity lookups and add the correlated artifacts to the investigation scope.

Click Add to Scope.

