Incident review workflow
----------------------

Steps:
1.An administrative analyst monitors the Incident Review dashboard, sorting and performing high-level triage on newly
created notable events.

2.When a notable event warrants investigation, the administrative analyst assigns the event to a reviewing analyst 
to start investigating the incident.

3.The reviewing analyst updates the status of the event from New to In Progress, and begins investigating the 
cause of the notable event.

4.The reviewing analyst researches and collects information on the event using the fields and field actions in 
the notable event. The analyst records the details of their research in the Comments field of the notable event. 

5.As part of the research, the analyst might run adaptive response actions. 
If the research proves that the notable event needs more lengthy investigation, the analyst can assign 
the notable event to an investigation.

6.After the reviewing analyst addresses the cause of the notable event and any remediation 
tasks have been escalated or solved, the analyst sets the notable event status to Resolved.

7.The analyst assigns the notable event to a final analyst for verification.

8.The final analyst reviews and validates the changes made to resolve the issue, and sets the status to Closed.

-----------------------------
Filtering:

Accelerate triage with tags and filters
Speed up your notable event triage with search filters, tagging, and sorting. 
For example, focus on groups of notable events or an individual notable event with the search filters 
and time range selector. 
Notable events contain Urgency, Status, and Owner fields to help you categorize, track, and assign events.

-------------------------------
Tagging:

Simplify searching and add identifiers to notable events using tags. 
Click Edit Tags in the field actions menu for a notable event field such as Title, Status, or Owner 
to add new tags or modify existing ones. After you create a tag, you can use it to filter the dashboard.
-------------------------------

Filtering notable events:

You can filter for notable events created by the same correlation search using the Correlation Search Name filter
to type the name of the correlation search that created a notable event. 
As you type, the correlation search names appear for you to select.

Type SPL into the Search filter to search within the notable event details of notable events on Incident Review.

If you added notable events to investigations, or generated short IDs for notable events to share them with other analysts,
you can filter by the Associations filter to quickly view the notable events associated with a specific 
investigation or the notable event represented by a short identifier. 

However, the short ID filter dropdown lists all short IDs, including notable events that are suppressed. 
If the notable event is suppressed, you will not be able to see it in Incident Review when filtering on short ID.

If you want to see a filtered view of Incident Review by default, ask your ES admin to modify the navigation
menu in Enterprise Security to link directly to a filtered view. 

------------------------------------




