If event severity is informational, the event urgency is informational, regardless of asset priority.

If asset priority is unknown or low and event severity is unknown, low, or medium, the event urgency is low.

If asset priority is unknown or low and event severity is high, the event urgency is medium.

If asset priority is unknown or low and event severity is critical, the event urgency is high.

If asset priority is unknown or low and event severity is critical, the event urgency is high.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is unknown or low, the event urgency is low.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is medium, the event urgency is medium.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is high, the event urgency is high.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is critical, the event urgency is critical.

If asset priority is high and event severity is unknown, low, or medium, the event urgency is medium.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is high, the event urgency is high.

If asset priority is medium and event severity is critical, the event urgency is critical.


If asset priority is critical and event severity is unknown or low, the event urgency is medium.

If asset priority is critical and event severity is medium, the event urgency is high.


If asset priority is critical and event severity is high or critical, the event urgency is critical.

When calculating the severity level, a notable event displays a default of "low" urgency when an asset or identity 
is categorized as "unknown." The "unknown" classification typically represents an object that has no match in the asset 
and identities system.

A notable event can be assigned an "unknown" urgency level if the priority value from the asset and identity lookups 
or the severity value assigned by the correlation search or in a triggering event is not recognized by Enterprise Security. 

Verify that the correlation search severity is unknown, informational, low, medium, high, or critical. Verify that
 the asset or identity priority is unknown, low, medium, high, or critical.

Incident Review filters on the urgencies of "high", "medium", "low", "critical", "informational", or "unknown."
 Any value that is not one of the filtered urgencies also defaults to "unknown". This ensures that all notable 
events are displayed in Incident Review.





