Assign notable events

You can assign one event at a time or several at once.

Select a notable event.
Click Edit selected.
Select an Owner to assign the event or events to. Or, click Assign to me to
assign the event or events to yourself.
Save your changes.


Owners are unassigned by default, and you can assign notable events 
to any user with an administrator, Enterprise Security Admin, or  
Enterprise Security analyst role

------------------------------
Updating the status of a notable event

New notable events have the New status. As analysts triage and move a notable event through 
the incident review workflow, the owner can update the status of the notable event to reflect the actions 
they take to address the event.

Select one or more events, 
then click Edit all selected. 
To take action on all displayed events, click Edit all ## matching events.

In the Edit Events window, update the fields to reflect your actions.
(Optional) Add a Comment to describe the actions you took.

Save changes.


If your ES administrator customized the Incident Review dashboard, you might be required to enter 
comments when updating a notable event.

-----------------------------------
Prioritize notable events by urgency

Use the urgency level of a notable event to prioritize incident review. 
Every notable event is assigned an urgency. 

Urgency levels can be unknown, low, medium, informational, high, or critical.

Urgency levels are calculated using the severity of the correlation search event 
and the priority of the asset or identity involved in the event.

By default, security analysts can change the urgency of a notable event.

---------------------------------------
Investigate a notable event on Incident Review in Splunk ES

After you finish triaging notable events, begin your investigation. 
Use the available fields on a notable event to assess the urgency, contributing events, 
and risk scores associated with the notable event.
Open the event details to learn more about a notable event.

Review the History to see the recent investigation activity on the notable event. 
Click View all recent activity for this Notable Event to see analyst comments, 
status changes, and other activities for the event.

Determine if the notable event is part of an existing investigation by reviewing the 
Related Investigations section. Click the name of the investigation to open it.

See which correlation search generated the notable event. Click the name of the correlation 
search to make changes to or review the correlation search to understand why the notable event was created.

--------
View the Contributing Events that caused the notable event to be created.

Review the risk scores listed for assets and identities involved in a notable event. 
Click a risk score to open the Risk Analysis dashboard filtered on that asset or identity.

If one original event created a notable event, you can see the full details of the original event.

Review the Adaptive Responses to see which adaptive response actions have been performed for this notable event,
 whether the actions were successfully performed, and drill down for more details. 

Click the name of the response action to see potential results generated by this action's invocation. 

Click View Adaptive Response Invocations to see the raw audit events for the response actions associated
 with this correlation search. It takes up to five minutes for updates to appear on this table.

Review the Next Steps to see if any next steps for notable event triage are defined.

Click Create Short ID to create a short ID to share with other analysts. 
You can also share a notable event with a link

---------------------------------------------------------------

Take action
How to take action on notable event in Incident Review?


From Incident Review, you can suppress or share a notable event, add an event or multiple events to 
an investigation, analyze the risk that an asset or identity poses to your environment, or investigate 
a field in more detail on another dashboard.

Run an adaptive response action
Based on the details in a notable event, you may want to run a response action to gather more information,
 take an action in another system, send information to another system, modify a risk score, or something else.


Prerequisite
Some custom adaptive response actions use the credential store to connect to a third-party system or app.
To run these actions successfully, you must have the list_storage_passwords capability.

Steps
From a notable event, select the arrow to expand the Actions column.

2)  Click Run Adaptive Response Actions.
3) Click Add New Response Action and select an adaptive response action from the list. 
   You can use the category filter or search to reduce the number of actions that you can select.

4) Fill out the form fields for the response action. Use the field name to specify a field, 
rather than the name that shows on Incident Review.For example, type "src" instead of "Source" 
to specify the source field for an action.

5) Click Run.

You can check the status of the response action in the notable event details. 
View the original field names of fields displayed on Incident Review on the Incident Review - 
Event Attributes panel of the Incident Review Settings dashboard.


--------------------------------------------------
How to analyze risk of an asset or identity

You can analyze the risk that an asset or identity poses to your environment in the Incident Review dashboard.
Open the event details.
Review the risk score next to asset or identity fields such as src or host.
Click the risk score to open the Risk Analysis dashboard filtered on the asset or identity.
Not all assets and identities display a risk score. Risk scores that display for an asset or 
identity in Incident Review may not match the risk score on the Risk Analysis dashboard for that risk object. 









